Richelle Direny: Hey,
iPhone: Pretty good old tire honey been at work all day.
iPhone: I am Baby, baby, I just woke up, I totally forgot I senior tech summit myself. Shoot, let me call me in
Richelle Direny: And is it a bad, bad day for a session because rescheduled
iPhone: I mean, I couldn't even get in contact with my member I told you I my probation officer. We had a meeting. What we supposed to have a meeting on Monday, but he wasn't even in all it's not left him a message. And I guess the office is
Richelle Direny: There the quarter for a
iPhone: While I thought they would still be in the office. So he scheduled me an appointment for Monday.
iPhone: For me to call me and
iPhone: I know of course was close. But I thought he will at least be in the office.
Richelle Direny: Um, yeah, I know. I know that, um,
iPhone: Yeah, with the group.
Richelle Direny: I know that they
Richelle Direny: They because we do we send reports and stuff like that. I know I was told today, but the courts are closed. So there's no way to
iPhone: get in contact. Why don't
iPhone: Oh, do you know when they open back up baby is the first
Richelle Direny: Oh no, I think it's a it's part of the state. Every state is different.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: I mean, it's
iPhone: Right. That was the gospel, try to reach out to them tomorrow, just to see if there's back in the office.
iPhone: If not his mailbox is full. So I left one message. I couldn't leave them with more messages because mailbox for
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: If it's me about full, it means that you and everybody else trying to get in contact for him.
Correct.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, I'm did were you off today.
iPhone: No, I'd work today.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so what you do is consider. Oh, that's right. You work you work in a warehouse. Right.
Right.
Richelle Direny: What time do you get up and I noticed they schedule you for eight o'clock. Is that the best time for you to me.
iPhone: Well as kind of late, I do 10 hour days. So I go into six in the morning and get off at 430 but you know 10 hour days you know that's that's a lot of work.
Richelle Direny: So what, when do you
Richelle Direny: That's four day five days a week.
iPhone: It's about it's four days a week, but also you know go work overtime as well.
iPhone: Just get that extra money.
Richelle Direny: How was everything outside of
iPhone: Everything's good man.
Richelle Direny: That was the groups for you.
iPhone: Groups is good.
iPhone: Which so Bobby I
Richelle Direny: Know what were you gonna say
iPhone: I was about to say. I mean, we cannot the session, if you like, but I mean,
iPhone: Or we could just wait to get in contact with you know my PL just to see if people. What do you want me to do. And then, you know, do another session, I just, you know, it's up to you how you want to do it.
Richelle Direny: No, no, you're here though you in the dark.
iPhone: Right.
iPhone: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, you're here so might as well just do our thing and
Richelle Direny: I mean, until, until because even whatever the P O says to you, he has to send that to
iPhone: To everybody else.
Richelle Direny: Got to send it to ride. Hard to say no, she's
Richelle Direny: So it's just a matter of how often we schedule your appointment.
Richelle Direny: make that determination.
Richelle Direny: To how I was going to ask you how, how are the groups or is it informative for you, like, what do you think of the groups.
iPhone: It's pretty cool. I just, you know,
iPhone: It's pretty cool over, say, I'll just go along with the flow.
Richelle Direny: You share
iPhone: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Those groups are late
iPhone: They yet a very late. They already
Richelle Direny: There's a group that comes at eight o'clock, you're in Ohio, aren't you
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No, we have a group at eight.
iPhone: Eastern Standard Time.
Richelle Direny: An hour before your group.
iPhone: Yeah, I mean, that would be much better. I mean, that eight o'clock group will be much better.
Richelle Direny: You know it's asked to come into that into the into the knife and group and that group is at 915 actually
iPhone: So we're on we'd be on we chat until about 10 so
iPhone: Then I got to be back up at 430 in the morning.
Richelle Direny: You didn't ask if they had an earlier time
iPhone: Know, Michelle No, I just stopped me since I was already scheduled and things was already organized. I said, I'm just, you know, I'm just gonna stick with it. I'm just gonna go with the flow.
Richelle Direny: You just go with the flow you on your ass like listen, you know, it's what I saw. They say, I'm going to prescribe the medication, you can go with the flow to
iPhone: Know Bible, God's full horn out where
Richelle Direny: You just seem to be going with the flow and everything else.
iPhone: Well yeah, I mean, cuz I don't want it. Nothing to get, like, you know, messed up, you know, during the process. I just want everything that goes smoothly.
iPhone: We had so much trouble trying to get everything organized at the beginning. So I'm like, now that we got everything set in stone. I just want to leave it. You know how it is, you know, just gotta do what you gotta do.
Richelle Direny: I hear I hear that I hear that. How is your. The last time we met.
Richelle Direny: I asked you if you were going to go to church for Friday. And you said no Sunday is the day
You
iPhone: did not make it. I don't even think I made it that Sunday, Rochelle. I don't believe I made that Sunday.
Richelle Direny: But he still has spent at home just chillin
iPhone: Correct. Actually, I went over my. It was my cousin's birthday, so I actually went over there for Easter. Okay, take you guys
Richelle Direny: Should this new thing.
Richelle Direny: I'm supposed to be social distancing
iPhone: Yeah, it was less than two people at the gathering
Richelle Direny: Supposed to be away from everybody.
iPhone: Here share but if I figure if I gotta go to work. You know, there's more than 10 people at work.
iPhone: Well, we got one more week it is
Richelle Direny: There, it will be opening up everything in a week.
iPhone: Our home is up there may 1 and Columbus, Ohio.
Richelle Direny: No, no, no, that the whole thing just maybe
Richelle Direny: You have phase one, phase two, phase three, that's how you have it.
iPhone: Oh, is that how it goes well.
iPhone: Or shall I mighty this fun stuff. I'll just keep myself claim and and that's all I can do.
Richelle Direny: You're not trying to go with what you're saying, hey, you know what, you gotta chill family is a birthday, you know, hey, do what you gotta do.
iPhone: Yeah, and it was Easter, you know, that's like a you know a celebration.
iPhone: Read. Let's all do. I was resting
Richelle Direny: Resting good
Richelle Direny: Rest. Okay, let me pull up your
Richelle Direny: Information and you're going, so you're going to the group weekly though right
iPhone: Yes, my every week, every Tuesday I'm doing it.
Richelle Direny: And talk to Dr. Jane minutes in and see if you could come to the
iPhone: Eight o'clock one
Richelle Direny: She hasn't she hasn't Tuesday's in the mornings in
Richelle Direny: Between be run one at eight o'clock every morning at eight o'clock right before the one you go
iPhone: Right. I remember you telling me.
Richelle Direny: One that 915 one is a California group, I believe.
iPhone: It is, yep there in California. So they actually get time to get six o'clock or they uh
Richelle Direny: Huh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So the eight o'clock, one is eight o'clock, your time.
iPhone: Yeah. All right.
Richelle Direny: Actions.
Richelle Direny: Are your choices.
Richelle Direny: Today's
iPhone: The 23rd.
Richelle Direny: So what I'll do, I'll schedule you out.
Richelle Direny: What's the earliest you can meet
iPhone: The earliest
iPhone: Mama.
iPhone: What you got a baby.
iPhone: Oh, you saw about like, oh, like soon as I get off work, um, let me see. I work at 430
iPhone: You got one like around 536 got like six o'clock because I usually don't give me it's about my but that's all right.
Richelle Direny: I'll do a six o'clock in the 20th of May.
iPhone: That's how good
iPhone: My schedule is way off six o'clock.
iPhone: You said may 20
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
iPhone: Okay. Sounds good.
Richelle Direny: Let me see if I come
iPhone: I like the natural
iPhone: It looks nice.
Richelle Direny: No, really. Thank you. I don't want you to
iPhone: Think it looks nice.
Richelle Direny: This is why I like it. You see that
iPhone: I mean, but it's not Jerome
Richelle Direny: You do here, right.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I think sister locks. I'm gonna go back
iPhone: Oh good, those, those are pretty to those look good.
Richelle Direny: I don't know, I just I it looks, it looks. I love it on other people.
iPhone: Yeah, yeah. I always like natural everybody. It looks good.
Richelle Direny: No, I like it on other people. But when I when I have to do it when
iPhone: I have to do it right. It's the work is some work naturals work. It is
iPhone: This
Is
Richelle Direny: Your free
Richelle Direny: The only thing. The only thing
Richelle Direny: Is that you want the after the last time we met you were looking forward to meeting with your probation officer I'm to know
Richelle Direny: What the plan is if you need to continue going to the groups into the sessions and what have you. Right.
Richelle Direny: Correct. And now with the probation officer. I mean, again, there
Richelle Direny: Maybe
Richelle Direny: Don't you guys have different ways to communicate with them because if you're supposed
Richelle Direny: To check in with him, um,
Richelle Direny: If you don't call me call to check in, or you or do pop up visits, like what is the record.
iPhone: I don't, I don't know. I don't know. HE JUST TOLD ME FOR NOW ON. YOU KNOW, SINCE THIS Kobe thing has been going away. He said, hey, we'll just get in contact with each other, my phone. So he scheduled me the date, which was the 20. I mean, which, yeah, which was Monday the 20th
iPhone: At 330 I called I actually called him a little bit early, before 330 he didn't answer. So I left message. So I guess we're, we're just going to continue to do it by phone, since he's in Mansfield, Ohio, and I'm in Columbus, Ohio.
iPhone: Excuse me, as he said it was really like no real way you can watch me because we live in two different cities, you know, I'm like, right, you know, you're like, so I'll just have you just call the head, you know, we'll do it like that, but at least once a month or once every month and half
iPhone: Made. That's what he does, only thing he said to me.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, hey, what can you do you do your part.
Richelle Direny: Right. You know, they can't say you didn't, I'm sure there are a little bit forgiven, because
iPhone: What's going on one
Richelle Direny: I know the courts are a little
Richelle Direny: They're closed so
iPhone: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, we'll make sense.
Richelle Direny: In reference to them not being able to meet with you.
Correct.
iPhone: But I'm still trying to get my ring tomorrow morning when I'm on my first break. I'm still trying to call them again and see if he, you know, if someone answers or if it goes straight to voicemail.
Richelle Direny: OK. OK.
iPhone: Top still be trying to get in contact with them because I don't know what he's gonna he didn't tell me there was a little bit. He did some quarters won't be close.
iPhone: But he didn't say that he was gonna be out office. So I'm like, all right.
iPhone: But maybe he did maybe he didn't know maybe things got more serious where they had to close.
Richelle Direny: Well, no, I'm sure the corner from home because all they're doing is calling
iPhone: And rock face.
iPhone: Everywhere you would
iPhone: You would think, but he hasn't even called me.
Richelle Direny: How often do you talk to him.
iPhone: Like once a month, once every month and a half.
Richelle Direny: Oh, because of the length of your probation. You don't have to check in all the time.
iPhone: No, I got a champion all the time. I just got a call them what like every once in once a month, once a month and a half. That's it.
Richelle Direny: And you don't have email where you email them.
iPhone: Know,
Richelle Direny: Hey, you did your, your compliance.
Your
Richelle Direny: Your compliance or your sessions. You're compliant in your compliance to everything you just go with the flow.
iPhone: That's correct.
iPhone: You don't do that do, ma'am, to make it though. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I see you gotta do what you got.
Richelle Direny: The only thing you want to comply with is your social justice, and though the
Right.
Richelle Direny: Complying with
iPhone: I'm not. I'm at home. Most of the time I go to work and I come home is
iPhone: Rochelle I'm not home. Most of the time if I network. I'm at home.
Richelle Direny: Oh, but that they use this like enough. It is quarantine. I gotta go see my, my cousin.
iPhone: Right, right.
iPhone: I just had to get off for low second
Richelle Direny: And how long did that second last
iPhone: Hour with Friday about an hour to eat cake and ice cream.
Richelle Direny: Wow, that's good, that's good. You, you do what you gotta do, and you just head on back home.
iPhone: Yeah yeah your
Richelle Direny: Your lady who you got your plans, you're doing what you gotta do you serving your God, like you said, You're trusting
iPhone: That's right.
Richelle Direny: Everything out
Yep.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
iPhone: We've been working pretty good. That's for sale been working pretty good.
iPhone: How so, I mean, I just, I mean I'm just, you know, grateful for waking up every day you know it's waking me up every day in the morning. You know what, I'm having pretty good days.
iPhone: I've got no complaints.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let me hear you. I'm here. I know.
Richelle Direny: You talk to God. You take it to the morning prayer for everything.
iPhone: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But I need you to take it to me in this live humans have a session.
Richelle Direny: Right, so, you know, this is one of the questions like, I've been posing to everyone that I've been meeting with whether a group and individual or what have you.
iPhone: That's kind of
Richelle Direny: Where your you know your your thought process because regardless of what your situation and your circumstances. It's something that starts to really assess your life.
Richelle Direny: You know, one of the questions I posed this like, you know, we all create this image of our lives or where we should be at this point, our lives. We've created
Richelle Direny: In our head. And so now we got to the point where we have to kind of, you know, kind of relinquish kind of let go of that image of what we thought our life would be at this point.
Richelle Direny: You know, what is that for you in terms of where did you think your life will be at this point. And if it isn't what you've pictured in your head. How do you find joy and your story, meaning your life like how do you find joy in where you are right now.
iPhone: Oh,
iPhone: I'm just double know we're just a joyful person I find joy with the assignment sound.
iPhone: And that's how I keep my joy every day because it's what this side myself like I don't believe that can no one can no one give you joy are brings you joy.
iPhone: Unless you know, which I don't respect, no one to i bought my own joy inside myself so I make my own self happy. I think the sooner you make happiness within yourself and for yourself, the happier, you'll be
iPhone: And happier. Others will be around you.
Richelle Direny: What do you think about
Richelle Direny: When you think about where your life and and we
Richelle Direny: Yeah, we all have it where we thought our life should have been, um, you know, whether you've achieved something, but you haven't achieved it all.
Richelle Direny: Right, with not achieving maybe some of the things you have a
iPhone: Lot of
Richelle Direny: Like, what are some of those things. And how do you get through them are released that
Richelle Direny: The
iPhone: My, my.
iPhone: I mean my life. I really don't I make a plan to get to a goal, um,
iPhone: And this is how I do it. You know, and I understand, like, it may not, I give myself enough time see most of my goals are long term goals. So don't try to make last minute goals and short term girls I give myself long term goals.
iPhone: Like that means over a period of maybe five to 10 years long term goals where I should be. So actually, my life is probably most likely we're supposed to be right now. Um,
iPhone: Yeah, my life is we're supposed to be at right now. Um, so I'm not feeling like lacking on anything. I'm actually probably doing
iPhone: A little bit better than what I supposed to be doing, because I said my goal was by the age of 40 to have a condo, but actually I have a condo within the next the next couple years.
iPhone: So actually, my, my life is moving pretty, pretty good. I'm a pretty good track. So I don't think I'm I think I'm where I'm supposed to be. It's actually gone a little bit better than what I playing and
Richelle Direny: So with this piece of it with this hiccups along the road.
Richelle Direny: If I was supposed to pick up the book.
Richelle Direny: And at this chapter of her life.
Richelle Direny: Where you are
Richelle Direny: Right, what would I read in this chapter.
Richelle Direny: In terms of the obstacles you face how you got through the obstacles, you know what, what were those challenges, how you got into those challenges and how you
iPhone: went about it.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: This is Chapter Chapter 34
iPhone: Prayer will be in all my chapters Rochelle faith in the Lord and stay positive. That's this is how I get through everything you know
iPhone: It was something negative happens to me or something that I can't say actually negative or sub that occurs, you know, based on something that a challenge has came about.
iPhone: Um, I just pick out all the positive things about that. What I can get out of it.
iPhone: Like you know some people probably dreading having therapy or, you know, doing to the group meetings I don't do that. Okay, pick up the good things that I can
iPhone: Get from it with with the groups like with the groups. I can hear other people's stories you know some things, David, what do you know how they handle it for that the positive things they say, even with our therapy.
iPhone: You know, instead of looking at it at all I gotta do this every day. You know what we do. Got me I pick up the positive stuff, you know, hey, we have a nice conversation, you know,
iPhone: You know, just pick up the positive been in the things if you know that just go with the positive, ma'am, and move forward.
iPhone: I don't really pick up negative things
iPhone: And say it, you know, not even thought of.
Richelle Direny: A good way to look at it, because when you look at the the positive of it all. It helps you to get through life a little bit smoother.
iPhone: Correct. It does. Correct.
Richelle Direny: Then to linger on the negatives.
iPhone: Correct. You know, you look on the negatives is a hater. Yeah. You know, you don't want to be hint dirt.
iPhone: And that's what happens. That's even in the Bible. You know, you hold grudges. You don't do stuff like that you know that hinders you. That's why it's best that forgives and move on.
iPhone: At least if you don't want to be bothered with the person forgive the person so that won't hinder you way on your heart, at least you know you forgave them.
iPhone: You know you you know even give them a even get marine or some say hey you know i know we had this problem, but ain't no problem no issue with you.
iPhone: You know, and move forward. Whether you talk to them again or not in life, at least you know you got that off your chest and you can move on, you let them know, hey, I forgive you.
iPhone: You know, you move on.
Richelle Direny: There's a whole lot of truth to that. There's a whole lot of truth to that.
iPhone: It's
Richelle Direny: You're only you're only hurting yourself to harbor. The, the, the hate and frustration or whatever it is that you're right.
iPhone: That's correct.
Richelle Direny: So how did you learn to find these ways to get through life without making a tear you down.
iPhone: Oh no, I will share my heart. Always been good always been built this way.
iPhone: It's just in my heart.
Richelle Direny: That's a good thing. I
iPhone: Just gotta be honest, it's just my heart.
Richelle Direny: That's a good thing.
Richelle Direny: Maybe you could share that how you get through how you get through.
Richelle Direny: Right, getting through tough times, you know,
iPhone: And I do share you know good information. I'd say stay positive. You don't take it one day at a time. You know, I let them know haha cope with things.
Richelle Direny: will just continue to to do
iPhone: Right.
Richelle Direny: You continue to do that.
iPhone: And you'll see a lot of growth within yourself when you do that.
Richelle Direny: It wasn't always easy for you to do that or
iPhone: Yeah, it's always been simple for me to do that. Always. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So like
Richelle Direny: For You was never to get married and having children.
iPhone: What what was question.
Richelle Direny: I set a goal for you was never married and have children have a career this point.
iPhone: Maybe, maybe get get well. Not this soon but I plan to get married before I turned 40 yeah
iPhone: But it wasn't at this point in time. I never put a time frame on the marriage. I said regards to the right person that's when I'll get married.
iPhone: You know, see, the thing about me. I never put timeframes on things, you know, because when you do that, then you, you find yourself trying to rush into a situation that might not be the situation for you. You know, so I always wait on God to handle everything for me.
Richelle Direny: But you
iPhone: Know what
Richelle Direny: Before 14
iPhone: What, what, that's what that's what I was hoping you know, hey, it may happen, it may not, you know, cool. I'm cool with that. You know, like I said, Michelle. I'm wait no North
iPhone: I'm serious. When the Lord says, so we shine that light and give me that my spin limb and say hey baby this the one but we jump to burn
iPhone: You know, and I'm sad.
iPhone: That's right.
Richelle Direny: You are camera home.
Richelle Direny: For something she had her baby.
iPhone: Yeah yeah you know look at Janet, I think Jana was almost 50
Richelle Direny: You was 15
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, for the baby.
Richelle Direny: When I mean hang with them. Some things come with money.
iPhone: Right, whatever works for you for that individual.
iPhone: Lady she wanted your her Korea, you know, she has something she wants to do what her Korea.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
iPhone: Right now. She'd be a mommy.
Richelle Direny: Hey, you know what, you have a positive outlook, you have a positive way.
Richelle Direny: And going about it. Hopefully, it can sustain you and kinky you
iPhone: Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: So that
Richelle Direny: When
Richelle Direny: You listen, I hope that your strength is pure. It's true. And it keeps through along life's way because life always comes knocking at your door.
iPhone: Not when you assess when it's
Richelle Direny: When it's unexpected.
Richelle Direny: That's correct. How you respond to it is always the deciding factor of how you
iPhone: Are you will handle the situation.
Richelle Direny: How you handle. You can either go this way or you could go that way.
iPhone: That's correct.
Richelle Direny: Life doesn't always tell you what the end result, based on your union is going to look like, but you
Richelle Direny: Don't see a whole lot of people getting in trouble when dealing one more run away.
iPhone: Right, that's correct. Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: That is the truth. Well, listen, I'm not gonna have you
Richelle Direny: You know through not any keep you because you're always good for the month.
iPhone: Oh, will
iPhone: You ever shall
Richelle Direny: When you know what I noticed throughout the right to the it towards the end of the matter. She gonna say, Okay, can you want to smoke. I see you, but I did do you was getting
iPhone: Worse spoken.
Richelle Direny: With your senior little fucking thing. And look, look here you know you know if Corona come knocking at your door. You know, it's not going to be nice for you, given that you're a smoker.
iPhone: Baby, baby, baby. We don't keep the faith, baby. And that ain't coming to my door. Baby, baby, looked at Jesus denari close them doors it and come in this way with shale it
iPhone: Blessed the lower it ain't coming your way either. Right now we just got to keep the faith which which will picture say walk it walk in faith.
iPhone: Right. That's right.
Richelle Direny: You know you can't see the picture.
iPhone: Right. But I remember. And I remember what you told me, it says walking faith.
Richelle Direny: That's right. That's right. That's right.
iPhone: That's right.
iPhone: And walk in faith, baby. That's all we can do
Richelle Direny: Hey, do what you got to do and just trust them believe right
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. Okay. All right, let's go. I will see you in a month.
iPhone: So keep
Richelle Direny: Keep going to your groups and just let me
Richelle Direny: Know, um, you know, you know, whenever you do get in touch with your probation officer says, oh, you know, whatever you tell me, and has to also reflect in our system, we have to know it to
iPhone: Go away.
Richelle Direny: But if it is something that it is said that you don't have to continue and you let me know. I'll get in touch with Catherine for her to double check it all and then
Richelle Direny: From there, but if it is something that you want to do instead of coming to the nine o'clock group. If you can come to the eight o'clock room.
iPhone: Uh huh.
Richelle Direny: Well in at eight and you want to join the eight o'clock group with Dr. Jamison and Rochelle.
iPhone: Okay, that's how I do that. Okay, cool.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Yeah. And I could tell if you want, I can just tell Dr. Janice and that you want to be a part of that group instead of the Nikon group because it's kind of late.
iPhone: Right. It's very late is very late, especially when you got to be up early the next morning.
Richelle Direny: So I'll let her know that you want to join the eight o'clock group on Tuesdays. And so you can be a part of that group. OK.
iPhone: OK, cool. So now, if I'm available for the eight o'clock this week coming up, just go ahead and join like I usually do just jump into the eight o'clock one. And then, if not just going and going and going and my regular time at 930
iPhone: Yeah. Okay. Cool. Cool. I can, I can live the life that
Richelle Direny: I let her know because people go to different times, they go to the different times, like you're saying no.
Richelle Direny: One told you're going to her group because she's the one, even though you're not on medication but wider so but she's the one you just go to that you just want to get a group in, um, you know, I understand your situation is a little bit different than most.
iPhone: However,
Richelle Direny: You know, it's, it's still getting a group in of some sort. Because like you said, You're absolutely right. No matter what the situation or circumstance you can learn from everything you can learn from everybody in their life.
iPhone: Circumstances.
Richelle Direny: And learning, you can apply it and it's all about when you receive it, how you apply it.
iPhone: That's correct.
iPhone: So you
Richelle Direny: Know if you want to let them know and you can join the eight o'clock on Tuesday.
iPhone: Okay. Sounds good to me, Rochelle. Sound good baby in our next meeting is what may 20 or six
Richelle Direny: Yes, ma'am. But like I did.
iPhone: Okay confirmation that sounds good, baby.
iPhone: Okay yeah well you you take care and stay blessed
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna take care, I'ma stay blessed me I'm a stay safe. Even with my faith, I must say say that's
iPhone: Right. That's right. You got it, baby. You got it. Sounds good. You have a good one.
Richelle Direny: You too. Bye.
iPhone: Bye later.